release: bump to version 1.1.0rc3 (#452)
python-poetry/poetry-core: CHANGELOG.md

# Change Log

## [1.1.0rc3] - 2022-08-26

### Fixed

> - Fixed an issue where the missing `=` sign prevented pip from installing a package with a subdirectory ([#451](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry-core/pull/451)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where a malformed URL was passed to pip when installing from a git subdirectory ([#451](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry-core/pull/451)).
```
